(Go Won working hard!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Go Won - One&Only"
(The tenth girl, Chuu is teaching her how to pose naturally!)
Chuu: That's better!
(And then she is taking a picture for Go Won!)
Chuu: I took a beatiful picture of Go Won!
Chuu: She's beatiful~
(97 liners are guessing the eleventh girl's stage name!)
JinSoul: Cha Cha?
HaSeul: Che Che?
JinSoul: Che Che is...
HaSeul: Weird~
JinSoul: Right, weird~
'Your stage name is Adam'
Yves: Because she is small?
(*Adam/아담 means small in Korean)
'Really!'
Go Won: No, that's not true...
'Nope, it's true!'
HaSeul: Adam?
Yves: Nice to meet you, Adam~ I'm Yves!
'You're the third member of the unit, right?'
'When HaSeul opened to the public as the tird member of LOOΠΔ 1/3,'
'She dressed in men's clothes~'
(Their lie is becoming more and more interesting...)
'That's the reason why you become Adam!'
HaSeul: Right! I wore men's clothes!
(Their lie is becoming more and more interesting...)
'Didn't you see her album pictures?'
Go Won: Am I a boy?
Go Won: Really?
'Yes'
Go Won: No, it's not!
'Hey, believe me!'
(Her eyes are shaking...)
(Such a perfect timing!)
Photographer: Let's start the shoot~
Go Won: Am I a boy? Is it true?
Yves: Fighting, Adam!
JinSoul: She's embarrassed!
(Adam... no, Go Won is walking but looks like she's feeling nervous...)
Yves: Finally I found my mate!